hey guys welcome back to flicks recap my
name is luke pelletier and i want to
thank you all for helping us to hit the
1 000 subscriber mark by the end of
september so as promised the man behind
the curtain the face behind the screen
coming today to bring you coverage of
the 2000 comedy flick road trip before
we start be sure to drop a like leave a
comment and of course subscribe to the
channel if you dig the commentary as a
disclaimer this video includes my
analysis and commentary for the film
it's not a substitute to watching the
film links to purchase the film are in
the description below so without further
ado
let's get to it
josh parker and tiffany henderson have
been together since childhood their
childhood friendship blossomed into a
passionate romance but things got
difficult when they went to different
colleges
josh is at the university of ithaca in
new york while tiffany is at the
university of austin texas
josh has been trying to call tiffany but
she won't pick up so he records a video
message for her when his friends barry
and reuben interrupt him
josh is late for his philosophy class so
he asks reuben to drop his videotape
addressed to tiffany in the mail on his
way to class josh meets beth who is
clearly into him and is excited about
seeing him later at josh's friend eel's
party that night but as they are talking
this guy named jacob is eyeing them
enviously now apparently jacob and beth
used to be a thing and jacob of course
is still obsessed with her
also jacob is josh's philosophy ta so
conflicts of interest run amok
after class jacob confronts josh
accusing him of hitting on death even
though that shouldn't be an offense
against jacob
he even threatens josh by saying that he
needs a b-plus on the midterm exam if he
wants to pass the class like i said
conflicts of interest
later el invites josh to his party and
encourages him to use it as an
opportunity to sleep with beth but josh
says no he's committed to tiffany
since tiffany hasn't been picking up his
calls josh calls her roommate carla
instead who tells him that tiffany
didn't sleep in her room last night
frustrated josh goes to el's party
at the party e.l is auctioning girls
company and beth wants josh to outbid
jacob who has now successfully
gate-crashed the party
a bidding war ensues between josh and
jacob with jacob one-upping josh every
time
el ultimately sells beth's company to
josh saying that jacob is a ta and is
thus ineligible to bid as it is
now obviously creative liberties are
taken here since this kind of scandal
would result in social crucifixion today
honestly the fact that this flew in a
movie in 2000 just makes me feel
incredibly old
anyway josh and beth dance together and
later they go back to josh's room where
they start kissing passionately
beth sees josh's video camera sitting on
his bed and immediately wants to make a
sex tape because apparently that's been
a fantasy of hers she starts going at it
and begins recording asking him what he
looks for in a girl while sensually
undressing herself
they start to get intimate and their
footage leaves little to the imagination
the next morning josh is more chipper
than usual
and when his friends ask him why he
tells them all about last night but they
aren't ready to believe that he slept
with beth
josh tells them the proof is in the
pudding and he's got the pudding and his
friends realize that he has the whole
thing on video and now they all want to
watch it
josh reluctantly agrees to let them
watch the tape but as they start
watching he realizes that this was the
tape he had made for tiffany the
previous day
the one that ruben was supposed to drop
in the mail which means reuben
accidentally mailed josh and beth's sex
tape to tiffany because it was also
lying on josh's table
needless to say josh is screwed
as this realization creeps in tiffany
calls
josh panics and doesn't pick up so she
leaves a voicemail telling him that her
grandfather had passed away and that
everything had happened so quickly that
she didn't have time to call him about
it josh is mortified he wants to go to
austin to retrieve the tape before
tiffany sees it so josh e.l and reuben
decide to go on a road trip to austin
since they don't have enough money for
plane tickets
now i'm of the mind that plane tickets
would actually be cheaper than the
amount of oil food card appreciation and
other stuff it would take to drive there
but like i said creative liberties
in any event they only have three days
to get there before tiffany returns from
her grandparents place since they don't
own a car they reluctantly invite
another one of their classmates the shy
and uptight kyle on the road trip just
so they can use him to borrow his car
barry decides to stay back because he
has some kind of a phobia for leaving
home
so josh e.l rubin and kyle set out on
their 1800 mile road trip
back in josh's dorm room barry is
feeding reuben's pet python when beth
shows up
she asks him where josh is and barry
tells her that he went to see his
girlfriend which leaves beth devastated
because she really likes josh when she
asks him where he went barry says austin
massachusetts when he really meant to
say austin texas but beth asks him if he
meant boston massachusetts and he agrees
nice cover barry so beth decides to go
to the university of massachusetts
boston to reclaim josh
meanwhile josh and the gang stop at
target to get some supplies for the road
trip forcing kyle to use his dad's
credit card to pay the bill
but soon they get lost after taking a
shortcut and they reach a dead end at a
broken bridge
el suggests that they jump the car
across the broken bridge by driving it
at a high speed
despite kyle's concerns about this plan
rightfully so they attempt to cross the
bridge and actually pull it off however
the car suffers some severe damage and
explodes soon after they get out of it
so the guys find a motel to spend the
night at the next morning the motel
manager tells ruben that kyle's dad's
credit card has maxed out so they'll
have to pay in cash
kyle's dad also finds out that his card
is maxed out
and to make things worse the police have
found kyle's car
battered and abandoned by the bridge
of course kyle is not at the university
that he attends so the police tell
kyle's dad that his son is missing
meanwhile e.l goes to a nearby school
and tricks the gullible receptionist
into letting him take a school bus by
saying that he's supposed to repair it
the guys take turns driving the bus
before stopping at a gas station
again not a cost-effective way of
getting to austin here josh calls his
philosophy professor from a pay phone
but jacob the ta picks up his call and
pretends to be the professor
josh tells him that his books and notes
have been destroyed in a car accident
and that he needs an extension on his
midterm
a vengeful jacob gives him a fake
three-day extension without telling the
professor about it
meanwhile beth reaches umass boston and
asks for tiffany's room number at the
reception desk weirdly she ends up
confronting a different tiffany
henderson who actually does go to umass
boston now this tiffany totally loses it
and destroys her boyfriend's car and
then smacks the poor guy around after
learning that beth had allegedly slept
with him
beth realizes her mistake when she sees
the guy and just leaves
back on the road trip the guys have now
reached the university of tennessee
where they find their way into a
fraternity to party and stay the night
they all party that night and to
everyone's surprise kyle actually gets
laid but the next morning they all
realize that they're going to be out of
money soon so they make a little bit of
scratch by selling their sperm at a
sperm bank
in ithaca beth returns from her
pointless trip to boston and confronts
barry who is once again feeding ruben's
pet python barry tells her that he had
meant austin and not boston meanwhile
jacob who has followed beth to josh's
room tells her that josh won't be back
the next semester because he'll be
missing his philosophy midterm
but in the middle of this exchange a
freak python feeding accident
leads to barry being attacked by the
python and in the mayhem that follows
barry accidentally flings the python
towards jacob who gets strangled by it
now kyle's parents have finally found
their way to the motel where the guys
had stayed a couple of nights before and
they asked the manager if he had seen
kyle using the guy's call details they
find out that kyle may be in austin the
fellas finally reached the university of
austin but the guy in charge of student
mail isn't ready to give them tiffany's
mail without a key they get into a
physical fight with the guy which gives
josh the opportunity to sneak into the
mail area and find the package
meanwhile kyle's parents also reached
the university and confront him about
the car and the credit card to add to
the mess tiffany also shows up at the
same time she's clearly surprised to see
josh and his friends there josh and
tiffany go up to her room where she
tells him that they should go out with
other people because their time to date
and experience new people is running out
at that time beth calls up tiffany
asking for josh and leaving tiffany
totally confused as josh talks to beth
on the phone tiffany opens up the
package that he had brought with him to
the room and she inserts the tape into
the vcr
beth tells josh about jacob's evil plan
to get him kicked out of college
meanwhile tiffany starts watching the
tape without josh realizing it
thankfully it turns out that barry had
accidentally recorded over the sex part
of the video much to josh's relief
with tiffany having broken up with him
josh and the crew start their return
journey home
now their goal is to get back to ithaca
in 46 hours so josh can write his
philosophy exam
and they do get back to ithaca but josh
is almost an hour late for his exam
but it doesn't actually matter because
it turns out someone had called in a
fake bomb threat which pushed back the
exam
later beth tells josh that she was the
one who called in the bomb threat so he
wouldn't miss the exam
could you imagine anybody trying to get
away with that today
either way the film ends with josh and
beth officially getting together
now personally i feel like a simple
breakup over the phone would have saved
a lot of people from having a lot of
agita but it also would have made for a
terrible story for everyone involved
this was at least a bit more lively
overall as far as teenage high octane
fever dreams a la super bad and dazed
and confused are concerned i actually
really like this film i think it serves
the genre well without weighing too
heavy on any one particular element
there's just enough action just enough
comedy antics and surprise and it's all
blended together well enough to keep you
interested the whole way through but
what did you guys think let me know in
the comments below and of course be sure
to like the video and subscribe to the
channel if you enjoyed my take on it so
that you don't miss the next recap until
next time